+++
date = '2026-01-11T00:00:00-07:00'
title = '2026'
categories = ['Personal']
+++

For the first time in what feels like a lifetime, as fate ends a chapter in my life, I cannot see my future. The sky is vast. Open. Clear. 

Yet I am burdened by uncertainty. In hindsight, life seemed so simple when I had you, and your health as my north star. Everything I did, had it's stems rooted in your sun. Everything I was, for a time, was you. 

But I know. You are gone. I hold on to your cellphone knowing your voice will never come out on the other end. I stare at our pictures, to further my delusion of where you would be, if still by my side. Everything I do, to forget, to heal, eventually returns me to the start. To the hurt. 

All the beauty I see, in my friends trying their best to live a life in this tragic world. In my oldest friend finding comfort and love in another. In a friend, where I wish time could have gave us something more. Every interaction, seals a crack in my heart, only for my grief to tear it asunder. 

I wonder everyday, foolishly, how much heart I have left. To shoulder the legacies of my parents. To arm myself against the simple fact that they are gone. Or will I hand myself over to the misery, the loneliness, and the pain that haunts me? 

The battle I'll find myself in for the rest of my life. Whether by myself, or with another. 

I hope, at the very least, by 2026's end, when I look up to the blue endless sky, I see not the infinite possibilities, but the trail of only one to follow, whether or not it leads to the meaning I've been looking for. I hope that becomes a sign, that there's still heart in me yet, to live the beautiful life you've given me. 

Love you Mom. Dad. Here's to 2026, and whatever it may bring.
